I saw her the first time on the train
My first line was shhhhhhhhhhhhhhit I had nothing to say
She made me quiet, I would just stay silent
Watching her all the way home but trying to hide it
She was sitting the opposite of me
I glanced at the glass window, reflection showed she's also watching me
My thoughts saying: 'Shit man, say something', I know, 'This is bad!', I know!, 'She's looking at you, you couldn't miss that!!'
I thought of a line sounding like rhyme, all of a sudden she speaks: 'So where you going?' , I'm going home. 'Yeah, me too...', You've had sort of a long night, right? 'Yeah, you know you seem kinda nice', and I replied: You too, you know if you going home then I could walk you
Or maybe you need someone to talk to
Them other guys is acting all rude
boring you, stalking you
but not me, the more of you I see the more I'm adoring you.

Now it's about time to let you know
Just what you mean to me
And I know that in time you will see
Just what you mean to me

We got off at the same stop and we got to talking
A dark night, some raindrops when we got to walking
She's one of a kind, I'm guessing her name is Sunshine
'cos the rain stopped pouring when we stopped at her door and she goes: 'Listen, I don't feel like going home, but I work early tomorrow, here's the number to my phone'. I said: Cool, I'll call you, now when can I see you? She smiled, a little gleam in her eyes, said: 'Real soon'
Couple a days passed, dating this girl's laid back
She had a great laugh, a great ass, amazing!
Now we walk the same path, smoke the same grass and we talk the same trash
Hope this thing lasts.

Now it's about time to let you know
Just what you mean to me
And I know that in time you will see
Just what you mean to me

Now let me tell you about this girl
For her body and soul I got serious thirst
First time in a long time I speak serious words 
She had the right mentality type, down to earth
She knows a brown-eyed boy needs a blue-eyed girl
She might seem like the girl next door
but there's a whole lot more to it, she be a whole world to explore
I'm telling you 
I live in a cold city with terrible grey skies, but nowadays seems I got a better view
She knows better than to be scared I be running away, running astray come the rain and cold weather
Share my soul with her rich or poor with her
Don't need no glitter
I can see myself growing old with her
I can make hours pass just watching her feminine form, she got the shape of an hour
glass
we soul mates
She make my world rotate
got it on lock like embassy gates
I remember the day when we met on that same train
That rainy day when our nights out been going the same way
Now the main thing was we thinking the same thing
trying to find something to say like: If you heading home then I could walk you
Or maybe you need someone to talk to
Them other guys is acting all rude 
stalking you, boring you
but not me, the more of you I see the more I need more of YOU.

Now it's about time to let you know
Just what you mean to me
And I know that in time you will see
Just what you mean to me
